com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEcrirEecapOeuf.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEcrirEecapOeuf
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityReunirBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityReunirBacs
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityReunirBacs$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityReunirBacs$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityReunirBacs$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityHistoriqueOeufs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueOeufs
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueOeufs$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueOeufs$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueOeufs$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEcrirRecapMort.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEcrirRecapMort
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityWebHistoriqueAnimalerieRemplissage.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityWebHistoriqueAnimalerieRemplissage
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheRegistreSouffrance.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreSouffrance
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreSouffrance$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreSouffrance$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreSouffrance$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEcrirRecapBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEcrirRecapBacs
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheRegistreBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreBacs
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreBacs$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreBacs$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreBacs$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityReunificationBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityReunificationBacs
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityWebHistoriqueReservationInjection.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityWebHistoriqueReservationInjection
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityHistoriqueSouffrance.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueSouffrance
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueSouffrance$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueSouffrance$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueSouffrance$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivitySurveillance.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivitySurveillance
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityHistoriqueMorts.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueMorts
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueMorts$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueMorts$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueMorts$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEcrirRecapSouffrance.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEcrirRecapSouffrance
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRas.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRas
com/example/endpointapp/ActivitySplash.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivitySplash
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivitySplash$1
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityWebHistoriqueAnimalerieAlevins.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityWebHistoriqueAnimalerieAlevins
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsFemelle.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsFemelle
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsFemelle$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsFemelle$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsFemelle$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheRegistreMorts.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreMorts
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreMorts$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreMorts$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreMorts$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsMale.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsMale
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsMale$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsMale$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistreAccouplementsMale$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEcrirRecapAccouplement.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEcrirRecapAccouplement
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheGestionBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheGestionBacs
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheGestionBacs$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheGestionBacs$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheGestionBacs$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityDupliquerBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityDupliquerBacs
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetDeclarerMort.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeclarerMort
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeclarerMort$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeclarerMort$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeclarerMort$3
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetDeplacer.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeplacer
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeplacer$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeplacer$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDeplacer$3
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetTRAITE.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetTRAITE
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetTRAITE$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetTRAITE$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetTRAITE$3
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetDupliquer.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDupliquer
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDupliquer$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDupliquer$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetDupliquer$3
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetOeuf.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetOeuf
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetOeuf$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetOeuf$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetOeuf$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEuthanasie.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEuthanasie
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityDeplacerBacs.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityDeplacerBacs
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements2.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements2$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements2$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueAccouplements2$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityHistoriqueIncidents.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueIncidents
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueIncidents$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueIncidents$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityHistoriqueIncidents$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityErreur.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityErreur
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityWebHistoriqueReservationZebrafish.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityWebHistoriqueReservationZebrafish
com/example/endpointapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.endpointapp.BuildConfig
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetAccouplement.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetAccouplement
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetAccouplement$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetAccouplement$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetAccouplement$3
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetSignaler.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSignaler
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSignaler$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSignaler$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSignaler$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityIsolement.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityIsolement
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityRechercheRegistre.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistre
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistre$1
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistre$2
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityRechercheRegistre$3
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityEcrirRecapIncidents.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityEcrirRecapIncidents
com/example/endpointapp/ActivityMenu.java
 com.example.endpointapp.ActivityMenu
com/example/endpointapp/WriteOnSheetSouffrance.java
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSouffrance
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSouffrance$1
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSouffrance$2
 com.example.endpointapp.WriteOnSheetSouffrance$3
